Most people are using AI to answer
questions, create some documents, do
brainstorming or writing, or maybe solve
some multi-step problems. But with AI
agents, you can make AI actually go out
and do work for you, sending it off to
do multiple tasks for an extended amount
of time while you work on something
else, sleep, or maybe even go outside.
I'm going to cover the main tools, who
they're for, and show what a workflow
looks like in each one. None of these
involve needing to know any code, and
they each generally excel for a specific
type of person or business.
First off, what is an agent? So, an AI
agent is a system that can reason, plan,
and take actions on its own based on
information it's given, like a digital
employee that can think, remember, and
get things done. These tools all do that
in different ways and at different
levels. So, let's get into them.
I'm going to start here because so many
people already use ChatgBT. There's an
agent mode where Chat GBT can use its
own virtual browser to do real web tasks
for you. Clicking, typing, and
navigating sites. Every other tool on
this list will be much more powerful
than this one. I just show it because
people are familiar with ChatGpt and it
has a good visual of how it works. For
example, research many YouTube videos
and Reddit communities about AI agents.
Review the videos and scrape the
comments. Identify the most common
questions, content gaps, and what
audiences like. Compile everything you
find into a well organized document.
Then you can watch it, you know, type
into the search bar, go to a bunch of
different sites. You'll see it reading
things. It can click around, change
course, refine the search, doing this
all on its own. Now, eventually, it will
compile all the results. It is really
cool. The first time you see it, and it
created this long document, I can see
what people liked and more importantly,
the questions people are typically left
with. So I can keep those in mind as I
create future videos on the topic. So
that's cool, but in practice, I've found
better ways to do every use case I've
found for this. So it's just a small
taste of what the other tools are going
to be able to do.
Stepping it up a lot here is Manis,
which can also browse the internet and
do things online, but goes far beyond
that. So, Manis is an agent that
orchestrates multiple different models
that can analyze videos, generate
images, create websites, and much more.
It goes off and works on complex
multi-step tasks for an extended period
using all the tools at its disposal.
Then comes back with something
substantial and ready to use. I'll use
this prompt that is similar to the one I
used in agent mode, but it's expanded on
because I already know it's going to be
able to do a lot more. I will have this
full prompt, plus a bunch more in a PDF
we created linked down in the
description. It's a full cheat sheet on
who each tool is for with a list of use
cases each works best for, plus a list
of starter prompts across different use
cases for each one that you can copy and
paste to get started right away. That's
a free download. That link will be down
below. First off, it thinks for a little
bit and then comes up with a plan. I can
open it up to see that plan. We'll do
some deep research, synthesize findings,
gather and generate visual assets, build
an interactive web report, then deliver
it. And oftentimes there will be an
approval step early on. I will approve
it and let it run. Then you can watch as
it goes. I typically will have it on one
monitor while I'm doing something else
on the other. I'm not going to walk
through everything it's doing. I think
it should be pretty apparent in the
final dashboard it creates.
Okay, so this is all done. Now I will
open it up in full screen. We have
navigation on the side for all the
different sections it created. All this
looks really nice right off the bat. I
love the aesthetics it shows. Definitely
fits the AI agents vibe and all these
numbers it's using came from its deep
research. Since I asked it to focus more
towards YouTube, some of these assets
are with that in mind to show on screen
as I'm talking about something, but some
of them are perfect for that. And a lot
of this has some interactivity and hover
states. That's a nice touch. We've got a
deep dive into all the Reddit
conversations and what frustrates people
when they watch tutorials. Like a lot of
hype without substance or real examples.
Makes sense. I can try to avoid that as
I make videos. There's the 10 biggest
pain points that looks awesome and
pretty accurate. It's got the main
tools, a list of questions people ask,
organized with tags, gaps people aren't
covering, monetization, and the B-roll
and infographic gallery. All the visuals
it used just organized in one place.
This looks just amazing and could act as
the perfect companion as I do my own
research into a topic. And what's really
cool and makes this even more powerful
is from here I can turn this into a
repeatable skill. Oftentimes you'll go
back and forth further first just
fine-tuning the result you got. And then
once you're all done and are happy with
it, you can invoke the skill creator and
Manis will analyze everything it just
did, the tools it used, the process it
followed, the output it produced. Then
it will package it into a reusable
workflow. So next time I want this done
on a different topic, I just use that
skill and mention the new topic. Then it
runs the whole thing automatically. No
reexplaining, no reprompting. And you
can even set these skills to run on a
schedule if you need. And that was a
bigger skill. I have some simpler ones
than this I can show really quick. One
is when I generate infographics, a lot
of times there's spelling errors or
mixed up text. So I have a skill where I
just drop in the infographic and it
analyzes the whole thing, identifies
every issue, then just fixes it. It's
pretty amazing how good it is at this,
too. And then I can edit the
infographics further after that if I
want. I have another where I drop in a
video and it will watch the whole thing
and pick out each of the chapters and
write the full YouTube description in
the exact format I use. Then I can just
copy and paste it as I upload a video
and it will have all the chapters ready
to go. There's a ton you can do in here.
It's probably the best balance of ease
of use with powerful results.
Claude Co-work is where an agent can
start actually taking action on the
files that are directly on your
computer. It's really easy to get
started with. You just download the
Claude desktop app, switch to the
co-work tab, then select a folder for it
to have access to and do its work in. I
usually create a new folder and copy in
any files I want it to work with there.
That way, I still have all the originals
just in case it doesn't work as I expect
on a given task. For an example, I had
this folder full of over 300 images that
were screenshots I've taken of different
thumbnails and ads I liked from right on
YouTube, newsletters, Twitter, and other
places. I wanted it to rename all of
them, create a folder structure, and
organize it all for me. I asked Co-work
to do that with a fairly simple prompt
and it developed the full plan. It
looked at every image to understand what
all it was working with. It decided the
naming structure it would use, how it
would like to categorize everything.
Then it created all the separate
folders, then organized them into those
respective folders. From that simple
prompt, it took all that action on my
behalf with no further instruction. It's
insane to be able to do this. And that's
just the beginning of co-work. That was
just the intro example I used in the
full video I made on it. From there, you
can expand the capabilities to have it
create different types of documents, use
connectors to utilize different apps
like Notion, Slack, Google Drive, or
tons of others. and you can connect it
to the claude Chrome extension and allow
it to browse the internet for you as
well. You can combine all these
different capabilities into one workflow
and even set them to recur on a
schedule. It is an extremely powerful
way to get work done on your behalf and
very straightforward to get started
with.
So, the last one I'll cover in this
personal assistant type space is
OpenClaw. It feels like the natural
extension from here, but to be upfront
is much more difficult to get working
properly and make useful. So, it ramps
up quite a bit here. After this, we'll
shift into workflow automation tools.
They still go out and do things for you,
but in a different way. And that section
will go back to being much simpler than
this one. And then I will finish with
clawed code, which is really in its own
category entirely. But openclaw and claw
code will be the longest sections in the
video because I want to show enough of
the setup that even though it feels
intimidating, you'll be able to see it's
actually doable. This one has gone
extremely viral, so I assume most people
have already heard about it. But just in
case, OpenClaw is an open-source full
personal assistant that works for you
non-stop and learns more about you over
time. You connect it to a language
model, give it access to your tools,
your email, your calendar, your browser.
Some people even give it a credit card.
Then it can theoretically accomplish any
digital task. And what makes it the most
unique is you just chat with it using
whatever messaging app you prefer. You
just say, "Hey, go out and build this
thing for me." then it will go off then
respond when it finishes. It definitely
feels the most futuristic out of
anything on this list. There's a couple
of ways to set this up. You don't want
to put it on your main computer due to
the access it has and the safety risks.
So, a lot of people are buying Mac minis
to set them up on. A much easier and
cheaper way is to use a VPS, a virtual
private server. The best one I've seen
for this is Hostinger. I already use
their VPS to run NADN and they are the
sponsor of today's video. This is the
landing page I will have linked in the
description. So, it is linked to the
official OpenClaw. If you're not going
the VPS route, just make sure you're
always double-checking that you're on
the official sites. You select the plan
you want. KVM2 will allow me to run a
very powerful system with multiple bots
and automations, and it will take you to
the checkout page. Select the length of
time you want. Then, this ready to use
AI section can be nice if you don't
already have API billing set up with
OpenAI, Gemini, and Claude. This lets
you connect to them all without needing
your own API keys. And they do have a
new user bonus right now for 2x the AI
credits. Then make sure to enter the
code futureedia for a nice discount and
hit continue. Then just finish the
normal billing and checkout steps. After
that, it should take you to a
configuration page. Approve a location.
Then search openclaw and select. Now on
this screen, if you added those API
credits, you're good to go. Or I already
have my own API key set up with all
these platforms. I'm just going to add
my open AI key for now. then also my
WhatsApp number. That's what I'll use to
interact with my OpenClaw. Hit deploy.
And then it takes a couple minutes to
set up the VPS. And we're just about
there. All right, it's set up. Then
under your OpenClaw project, you'll see
this gateway token. You can copy that.
Then click this link below. Then paste
in that gateway token. And if you need
to input the gateway token once you're
in here, it's under overview.
I'm all set up in this interface. I can
chat with my OpenClaw. Hello.
And there's its response. But I want to
interact through WhatsApp. So to finish
connecting that, I'll go to channels. My
number is already here, but I need to
hit show QR code. Then I go to linked
devices and hit wait for scan on
OpenClaw and scan that QR code. And it
should be good to go. You may need to
hit refresh. Now I can see here it says
yes, it's connected. So I'll find my
phone number and respond to it from my
phone. I'm Kevin your claw. be calm and
direct.
Now, you can see it responds on my phone
and in the desktop interface. And there
is a lot you can do from here. Here's
one easy thing I like to do. I'd like
you to keep up to date on various AI
subreddits and alert me once per day of
anything you find especially interesting
that would be relevant to making a
YouTube video about. Now, it responds
with some questions, but here's what I
personally want. Research my YouTube
channel first, Futureedia. Study the
types of videos I make. I'd like items
that are most relevant to the content I
already make. We'll sort through it
further over time as I accept or decline
your recommendations. That's what's
actually powerful about this. If you're
using some other method, it's really
hard to fine-tune this type of thing.
You can set up like an NAN workflow to
search all these subreddits and curate
all this for you. I've done that before,
but it's hard to prompt it properly to
find the things I actually want to see.
It takes a ton of refinement over time,
just rewarding the prompt to not include
things you don't like, but include
things you do. With OpenClaw, it will
first off use the information from my
videos to inform it and come up with its
own rubric based off of that. Then when
it gives me the list one day, I'll say I
didn't find these things interesting for
these reasons and I did like these ones.
Then it will update the filters and
instructions. So the next day it comes
back better. Instead of me having to
update a prompt every time, it improves
on that part itself. The other important
part I'll show right here is I haven't
given it web search or browser
automation yet. So, I'll just say here's
the channel. How do I do that? Then it
will list out all the steps for me to
follow to allow it to do what I want it
to do. Now, obviously, there is way more
I would need to cover here to get this
optimized and set up all the various
systems, but getting it off the ground
isn't that difficult. And this should
give you an idea of what will start to
be possible. Just imagine what I just
showed, but with access to any skill or
tool you can think of. So much of that
has already been built into
predetermined skills. The community is
really the best resource here. And I
will not pretend like you won't run into
a lot of issues along the way. You
definitely will. And I also will link to
a site that has some additional
information around security and keeping
your data safe. And most of what you can
do in here is possible in the other
tools I'm showing. But that example I
just showed should give you an idea of
what's unique about it. It really is a
completely different experience
interacting with it in this way and
having it learn about you over time.
Now we're looking into the agentic
workflow automation tools. Starting with
the most accessible, Zapier. They've
been around for a long time doing
traditional automation, which they're
still really good at. Like a ton of the
back end at Future Pedia runs through
Zaps, but they've also built AI agents
into the platform along with a co-pilot
that helps you build them. Here's one I
set up recently. I had some basic
requirements I'd written out. Then I
asked Chatbt to expand it into a full
Zap year copilot prompt. And anytime I
do something like this, I always ask it
to research the platform and its current
capabilities fully first, so it's
working from current information. Then I
ask it to optimize my prompt. From
there, I just pasted that prompt into
the co-pilot. It built out the agent. I
ended up needing one follow-up prompt to
fix a bug and it was ready to go. This
is how it works now. Whenever a sponsor
reaches out and I need to research them,
I just add their company to a Google
sheet. I have expanded the triggers to
Gmail and our HubSpot form. Also, a
sheet is just easier to show, but that
triggers the agent to go out and
research the company thoroughly. It has
a list of things it needs to figure out,
and it decides on its own how to
research and which sites to visit based
on the information I said I need in the
system prompt. Once it's done, it
compiles everything into an easyto- read
document that gets dropped into a Google
Drive folder, one sentence per category,
so I can quickly skim it and decide if
it's worth pursuing. That's one of the
easiest ways to build repeatable agents
that get triggered on an action or time
frame. And of course, they still have
all the existing automation tools as
well, which are just as easy to use.
Zapier is for people who want easy
setup, nothing technical, and need to
connect to a lot of existing SAS tools
that they're already using. I know I
went through that one more quickly. This
video is meant to cover each of the
tools and show it visually, but without
making this an hour-ong video by going
over every single step. The goal is to
get across a good enough understanding
so you know which one to deep dive into
for yourself.
Naden is similar to Zapier in concept,
but takes a very different approach.
Instead of a simplified interface, it
uses a node-based system where the
technical side like APIs,
configurations, and logic, it's all
exposed to you rather than abstracted
away. That means it can get a lot more
elaborate and customizable for workflows
that need that depth. Like here's a
newsletter workflow we have running.
There are a few ways it can trigger, but
often we're feeding in research and
scripts from our YouTube videos that
we've already deeply researched and
worked through. From there, it goes off
through multiple agent steps with long
system prompts and branching logic along
the way. And because this is content
that actually goes out to people, we
have multiple human in the loop
verification and fact-checking steps
built in before anything gets sent. Now,
NAD is extremely powerful, but it does
feel more technical to learn. There's no
coding involved, and I have a full crash
course if you want to go deep on it, but
the learning curve is definitely steeper
than Zapier. But if you're willing to
put in the time, the ceiling is a lot
higher.
Moving on to cloud code. Now, this one
is in a category of its own. It's more
of an agentic building tool. If you're a
developer, this is definitely where you
should be headed, but you don't have to
be one. You can absolutely use cloud
code without ever reading a single line
of it like me. And what makes it aic is
that you're not just asking it to write
code. You give it a goal and it figures
out how to get there on its own. It
takes your prompt. It can read through
your existing files, plan what needs to
happen, write the code, run it, then see
what breaks, debug it, and keep going.
All without you directing each step. It
works autonomously towards an outcome.
You can build full AI powered web apps
and mobile apps, internal tools and
dashboards, Chrome extensions, bots,
scraping tools, games, on and on.
Basically, if it runs on a computer or
the web, Cloud Code can probably build
it. And this in particular is the one
I've heard the most people say was their
light bulb moment with AI, especially
with the newest models over the past
month. It just works. For a lot of
people, it's the moment they finally
realize what AI has actually unlocked.
For example, the head of Cloud Code said
that all of Claude Co-work was built
with Claude Code. It built itself
basically. And Spotify said their
developers haven't written code
themselves since December. That's
actually happening right now. Now, there
are a couple ways to access it. There's
a desktop app. If you're completely new
to this, I'd recommend you start there.
You will have more power using it
through the terminal. Typically, you'll
set it up using an IDE like cursor and
then use it there so you can see all the
files and folder structures. That will
make it more intimidating to set up if
you're new and non-technical. So, I
think it's a good idea to get a feel for
it first in the desktop app before
moving there. Even if that's just for a
short time, it's not as hard as it looks
to make the switch later. I just think
going step by step is easier. So, here
in the desktop app, I have three tabs.
chat, co-work, and code. Just switch to
code and you're ready. Now, for just a
quick example, this might not be as
topical if you're watching this in the
future, but Cal AI just sold to My
Fitness Pal, and half of my timeline is
talking about that. So, I'm going to go
to the App Store. I'll take a few
screenshots. Then, I'm going to drop
those in and say, analyze these
screenshots and identify the
functionality of this app. Create a
similarly functioning app with the same
core functions. It doesn't need to look
exactly like this, just have the same
concept and functionality. And I will
let it run now. It will create all the
files in a folder I selected locally on
my computer. It keeps going for a while.
I'll skip ahead and show what's so
powerful here. But right now, you can
see it says the app is running. Let me
test the core functionality. I'll tap
the plus button to verify the action
sheet works, then test food logging and
check all the screens. It's actually
using the app, clicking around, and
testing all the functionality itself. If
something doesn't work, it will debug
and fix it all on its own. It's amazing
to watch and it got really close on the
first try. There was just an issue when
I tested. It didn't have a proper vision
model implemented. It just prototyped it
with kind of like a mock analysis. It
wasn't actually based on the photo. I
just asked it to fix that. So, it did.
Now, after that one followup, here's the
app. And for the vision analysis, I need
my claw API key. I'll just paste that in
and give it a test. I've got an image of
a salad I found online. It's got a few
different ingredients on it and that was
almost instant. It's got the ingredients
listed out. That looks pretty accurate.
Even down to the spices/ paprika. Like
the main spice I see does look like
paprika. So yeah, that is solid for
sure. I click done and it looks like
it's added to the tracker. I'll just try
one more. Here's a burger
really fast again. And yeah, looks
solid. So now that's there. It shows the
macros. I can jump over and check the
progress tab. I guess there's not enough
information yet, but this looks like it
would be functioning well if I kept
using this. But there it is. I mean,
that was so easy. Of course, I could go
back and forth touching it up. And
there's definitely more steps if you
were trying to build a backend and take
payments and things, but this is if you,
you know, saw a cool app that you
personally wanted to use. You can just
build it yourself for the price I'm
already paying to Claude. A couple other
things I'll mention quickly is there's a
plan mode where Cloud will think deeply
planning through everything and confirm
with you before it builds. That's very
helpful. Also, there's skills which are
these reusable instruction files that
teach code how to handle specific tasks.
You can build them yourself or there's
already a ton of them available from the
plug-in marketplace. Also, you typically
want to build feature by feature,
testing each feature before moving on.
and make sure you're using the right
model. Opus is the most advanced and
will build much better apps, but uses up
a lot more tokens, so use Sonnet for the
simpler follow-ups. That's faster and
cheaper. To do the full setup through
the terminal, there's tons of videos to
follow along to for that process. That
would take too long to do here. Now,
there's a reason so many people talk
about Claude Code and the impact of it.
It is truly powerful. If you're able to
spend a little time learning it, I
definitely recommend it. I'm definitely
planning on doing more full deep dive
tutorials into Claude Code. I've wanted
to for a while. It's just been hard to
fit into the current upload schedule and
things I already have booked. I want to
make it properly, which takes a long
time. I mean, plenty of good people have
already made them. There's lots out
there to get started with. Agents are
advancing at an incredible rate. Most
people don't realize how far things have
come already, and they usually think
it's harder to get started with than it
really is. So, to help along the way,
again, there's that free PDF you can
download from the link in the
description. That should be extremely
helpful as a quick start to every one of
these and to finding prompts and use
cases that apply to you.